Update http-resilience.md (#46361)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/resilience/http-resilience.md

There are many options available for each of the resilience strategies. For more information, see the [Polly docs: Strategies](https://www.pollydocs.org/strategies). For more information about configuring `ShouldHandle` delegates, see [Polly docs: Fault handling in reactive strategies](https://www.pollydocs.org/strategies#fault-handling).

> [!WARNING]

> > If you have retry and attempt timeout strategies, and you also want to configure the `ShouldHandle` delegate in retry strategy, please consider if `ShouldHandle` needs to cover Polly timeout exception. The Polly timeout exception is `TimeoutRejectedException` that inherit the <xref:System.Exception>, which is different with the <xref:System.TimeoutException>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're using both retry and timeout strategies, and you want to configure the `ShouldHandle` delegate in your retry strategy, make sure to consider whether it should handle Polly's timeout exception. Polly throws a `TimeoutRejectedException` (which inherits from <xref:System.Exception>), not the standard <xref:System.TimeoutException>.
```
